Summarized conversation historyHere are examples and guidance for filling out key sections of your SE Capstone Project Document:

---

### 1. Purpose (Introduction)
**What is the problem or opportunity?**  
Many local food trucks lack a digital platform for menu browsing, ordering, and customer engagement, leading to lost sales and limited customer loyalty.

**Why is this problem valuable to address?**  
A digital solution increases visibility, streamlines ordering, and builds a loyal customer base, directly impacting revenue and customer satisfaction.

**Current state:**  
Customers must visit in person or rely on social media for updates. Orders are manual, and favorites/loyalty features are missing.

**Desired state:**  
A web app where users can browse menus, order, save favorites, and receive notifications about specials.

**Has this problem been addressed by other projects?**  
Some food trucks use third-party delivery apps, but these lack branding and direct customer engagement features.

---

### 2. Stakeholders
- **Food Truck Owners/Operators:**  
  Want to increase sales, manage orders efficiently, and engage customers.
- **Customers:**  
  Want a convenient way to browse menus, order, and save favorite items.
- **Developers/Admins:**  
  Need easy maintenance and analytics access.

**Expectations:**  
- Reliable, easy-to-use platform
- Secure handling of user data
- Fast order processing
- Mobile-friendly design

---

### 3. Architecture Diagram (Textual Example)
```
[User] <---> [Web App Frontend] <---> [Backend API] <---> [Database]
   |                |                        |                |
Browses,      Sends requests           Handles logic      Stores users,
orders,       (menu, orders,           (auth, orders,    menu, orders,
favorites     favorites, etc.)         favorites)        favorites, etc.
```
*You can draw this in Figma, draw.io, or include a PNG/SVG in your document.*

---

### 4. User Stories (Table Example)
| # | User Story Title         | User Story Description                                                                 | Priority | Additional Notes         |
|---|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-------------------------|
| 1 | Browse Menu             | As a user, I want to view the food truck menu so I can decide what to order.           | High     |                         |
| 2 | Add to Cart             | As a user, I want to add menu items to my cart so I can order multiple items at once.  | High     |                         |
| 3 | Save Favorites          | As a user, I want to favorite menu items so I can quickly find and order them again.   | Medium   | Heart icon on menu      |
| 4 | View Order History      | As a user, I want to see my past orders for easy reordering.                           | Medium   | Profile page            |
| 5 | Receive Notifications   | As a user, I want to get notified about specials and promotions.                       | Low      | Push notifications      |

---

### 5. Non-functional Requirements (Examples)
- **Security:**  
  User authentication, encrypted passwords, secure storage of personal data.
- **Performance:**  
  App should load in under 2 seconds; order processing < 1 second.
- **Usability:**  
  Mobile-friendly, accessible, intuitive navigation.
- **Reliability:**  
  99% uptime, automatic error recovery, regular backups.
- **Maintainability:**  
  Modular code, clear documentation, follows industry standards.

---

### 6. Testing Strategy (Examples)
- Unit tests for backend API endpoints (orders, favorites, users)
- Manual UI testing for all user flows (menu, cart, checkout, favorites)
- Edge case testing (empty cart, duplicate favorites, invalid login)
- User acceptance testing with real users

---

If you want a more detailed example or a filled-out section for your specific project, let me know which section to expand!